Changes in Version 2.1-0

  o Implemented an optional dispersion model, i.e., dependence
    of phi parameter on a linear predictor, as suggested by
    Simas, Barreto-Souza, and Rocha (2010). In single part
    formulas of type y ~ x1 + x2, phi is by default assumed to
    be constant, i.e., an intercept plus identity link. But
    it can be extended to y ~ x1 + x2 | z1 + z2 where phi
    depends on z1 + z2, by default through a log link.    

  o Allowed all link functions (in mean model) that are
    available in make.link() for binary responses.


Changes in Version 2.0-0

  o Package "betareg" was orphaned on CRAN, Z took over
    as maintainer, ended up re-writing the whole package.
    The package still provides all functionality as before
    but the interface is not fully backward-compatible.
    
  o betareg(): more standard formula-interface arguments
    "betareg" objects do _not_ inherit from "lm" anymore.
  
  o betareg.fit(): renamed from br.fit(), enhanced interface
    with more arguments and returned information. Untested
    support of weighted regressions is enabled.
    
  o betareg.control(): new function encapsulating control
    of optim(), slightly modified default values.

  o anova() method was removed, use lrtest() from "lmtest"
    package instead.
    
  o gen.lev.betareg() was changed to gleverage() method
    (with new generic) and a bug in the method was fixed.
    
  o envelope.beta() was removed and is now included in
    plot() method for "betareg" objects.
    
  o Datasets "prater" and "pratergrouped" were incorporated
    into a single "GasolineYield" dataset.

  o New data set "FoodExpenditure" from Griffiths et al. (1993),
    replicating second application from Ferrari and Cribari-Neto
    (2004).
  
  o Added NAMESPACE.

  o The residuals() method now has three further types of
    residuals suggested by Espinheira et al. (2008) who recommend
    to use "standardized weighted residuals 2" (type = "sweighted2").
    The default are Pearson (aka standardized) residuals.
